CHAOS-1928: adds chaos 0.14.1 release notes (#2236)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/chaos-engineering.md

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page. 
:::

## Latest - June XX, 2023, version 0.14.XXXX

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="What's new">
```

* While upgrading a namespace-scoped chaos infrastructure, users will now be shown the command for upgrading CRDs as well. (CHAOS-1846)

> * Upgraded the database to update the index in the linuxInfrastructures collection. (CHAOS-1836)

Reviewer: We can remove this one!

* We now show all steps in the experiment details pipeline diagram. (CHAOS-1817)

    Previously when users triggered chaos experiments, the execution graph generated step nodes progressively as the experiments executed. Now, the execution graph shows all step nodes after experiments start execution. The nodes yet to start remain in a pending state. 

* Previously, when users connected a ChaosHub, CE cloned the whole Github repository. This caused storage issues if the repository was very large, or users were using the same repository for multiple purposes. This has been enhanced so that CE clones only a single branch provided by users. (CHAOS-1722)

> * Added a feature that removes chaos entities when there's a delete event for a project, org or account. Also subscribed to entity-crud redis stream to listen for deletion events. (CHAOS-1143)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enhanced the chaos entities deletion functionality to delete all chaos entities associated to a project, org or account when there's a delete event for a project, org or account respectively. (CHAOS-1143)
```

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Early access">
```
This release does not include any early access features.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Fixed issues">
```

> * (CHAOS-1917) _XXX ISSUE IN PROGRESS XXX_

Reviewer: The issue has been fixed when generating chaos infrastructures manifest with NodeSelectors/Tolerations was resulting into having first letter of key/value pairs in capital.

* **Probe mode** has now been made a required field. (CHAOS-1882)
    
    _XXX WHERE IS THIS FIELD? XXX_ 

> * The **Discard** button is now disabled if there are no changes in an experiment. (CHAOS-1878)

Reviewer: Enhanced the Discard button on Chaos Studio to be disabled if there are no changes in an experiment.

* The stop workflow feature wasn't able to stop experiments in the case of namespace-scoped chaos infrastructures. This issue has been resolved and the stop workflow now works as expected. (CHAOS-1778)

> * The **Chaos** Continuous Delivery (CD) step has been updated to handle new experiment and pipeline statuses. (CHAOS-733)

Reviewer: Fixed the issue when aborting an experiment running as part of a Pipeline, pipeline step used to show `All your faults executed without an issue`. Now it shows correct details based on experiment execution.

* Added support for new experiment run statuses in the **Chaos** CD step. (CHAOS-1210)

> * Added logic to handle parallel experiments in the experiment manifest. (CHAOS-1208)

Reviewer: Fixed the issue when CD step was not showing parallel faults even when the selected experiment was having multiple parallel experiments

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Early access">
```
This release does not include any early access features.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Fixed issues">
```

* When generating a chaos infrastructure manifest that included `NodeSelectors` or `Tolerations`, there was an issue causing the first letter of key/value pairs to be capitalized. This issue has been fixed. (CHAOS-1917)

* When adding or updating a step in a chaos experiment, in the Probes tab, the **Probe mode** field is now required. (CHAOS-1882)
    
* The **Discard** button in Chaos Studio is now disabled if there are no changes in an experiment. (CHAOS-1878)

* The stop workflow feature wasn't able to stop experiments in the case of namespace-scoped chaos infrastructures. This issue has been resolved and the stop workflow now works as expected. (CHAOS-1778)

* There was an issue where if the user aborted an experiment running as part of a pipeline, the pipeline step displayed `All your faults executed without an issue`. This has been fixed, and the correct details are now displayed based on the experiment execution. (CHAOS-733)

> * Added support for new experiment run statuses in the **Chaos** Continuous Delivery (CD) step. (CHAOS-1210)

Reviewer 2: Why is this a Fixed Issue? Sounds more like a feature to me.

Author: Chaos is not part of the core release so it doesn't get space in "What's New". Fixed the rest.

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page. 
:::

> ## Latest - June 27, 2023, version 0.14.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Latest - June 28, 2023, version 0.14.1
```
